Docs Grpc headers (#3017)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-sdk/grpc-headers.md

## gRPC metadata headers

> {{ ydb-short-name }} uses next gRPC metadata headers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ ydb-short-name }} uses the following gRPC metadata headers:
```

> 	- gRPC headers which client send to {{ ydb-short-name }}:
> 	  - `x-ydb-database` - database
> 	  - `x-ydb-auth-ticket` - auth ticket from credentials provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- gRPC headers which a client sends to {{ ydb-short-name }}:
	  - `x-ydb-database` - database
	  - `x-ydb-auth-ticket` - auth ticket from a credentials provider
```

  * `x-ydb-sdk-build-info` - {{ ydb-short-name }} SDK build info

>   * `x-ydb-trace-id` - user-defined request ID. If not defined by client {{ ydb-short-name }} SDK generates automatically using format [UUID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UUID)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `x-ydb-trace-id` - user-defined request ID. If not defined by client {{ ydb-short-name }} SDK generates automatically using [UUID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UUID) format
```

>     - `x-ydb-request-type` - optional user-defined header for mark client request 
> 	  - `x-ydb-trace-id` - deprecated since {{ ydb-short-name }} 24.1
>     - `x-ydb-application-name` - optional user-defined application name
> 	  - `x-ydb-client-capabilities` - supported client SDK capabilities (`session-balancer` and other)
> 	  - `x-ydb-client-pid` - client application process ID
> 
> 	- gRPC headers which {{ ydb-short-name }} send to client with trsponses:
> 	  - x-ydb-server-hints` - notifications from {{ ydb-short-name }} (such as `session-close` and other)
> 	  - `x-ydb-consumed-units` - consumed units on current request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `x-ydb-request-type` - optional user-defined header for marking client request 
	  - `x-ydb-trace-id` - deprecated since {{ ydb-short-name }} 24.1
    - `x-ydb-application-name` - optional user-defined application name
	  - `x-ydb-client-capabilities` - supported client SDK capabilities (`session-balancer` and other)
	  - `x-ydb-client-pid` - client application process ID

	- gRPC headers which {{ ydb-short-name }} sends to client with responses:
	  - x-ydb-server-hints` - notifications from {{ ydb-short-name }} (such as `session-close` and other)
	  - `x-ydb-consumed-units` - consumed units on the current request
```
